Mention EKU requirements in securing-communications-with-tls.md (#10648)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/mimir/manage/secure/securing-communications-with-tls.md

You should replace certificates more regularly.
{{< /admonition >}}

> The certificates need to have both server authentication and client authentication set in the extended key usage field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to set both server authentication and client authentication for certificates in the extended key usage field.
```

Reviewer: We can update this to use active voice.
